Be all like oh my god my partner couldnt be here but he loves what we did and he enjoys tumblr just as much as i do blah blah make it all dramatic cause it will sound better.

AFTER INTRODUCTIONS (I WILL HAVE EVERYTHING YOU NEED READY)

My partner and i built something we like to call Tumprompt short for tumblr prompt. It is a program that is run on the command prompt and it works for tumblr. The purpose of this is to let user post to their blogs without ever having to open the dashboard. If you are familiar with tumblr and the way tumblr works, people follow countless number of blogs. At times these blogs may reblog or post things that are NSFW(Not safe for work) and can cause an embrassment if you open it in public. Or in some cases if you are not allowed to have a tumblr, this is the perfect way to post things without getting caught. So if or when you have that urge to post a funny picture you saw or a really funny (or stupid) thing you heard and you are in public, then BOOM just open TumPrompt. For this project my partner and i had to register an application with tumblr in order to be authorized to post to the blog. We also made a fake blog so that all the thinsg we published in the command prompt would be posted there. We downloaded the tumblr client gem. (OPEN THE PROMPT AND SHOW OFF BY POSTING A FEW TEXTS POST, SOME PHOTOS FROM FILES AND URLS. i will have the photos in the files with simple names so you can just post them. i also will have some urls in the code at the bottom so you know if you need to use them.) Now the tumblr API is not as good as we wished. It does not allow us to post audio or video posts. We contacted the person who runs the gem and he tried to fix the problem but it did not get far. 


links http://vafoodbanks.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/fresh_food.jpg